DECOE: Dr. Eggman, the main
engine has been repaired.
BOCOE: Everything
is in tip-top shape.
Splendid!
Now, why does it always take
you two slowbots so long?
It is because Decoe is grumpy
and wants to complain
about everything.
This is the third time
I had to fix this hunk of junk.
Ow!
I mean, it is a pleasure to work
on such a fine machine.
Now, that's more like it.
You better watch
what you say, big mouth.
You don't think the doctor
will throw me
on the scrap heap, do you?
Now, let's get going!
We've gotta catch up
with that pesky Sonic!
- Aye-aye, sir.
Now, fire up the main engine!
Well, so far so good.
Now turn it up full blast!
It is purring like a kitten,
Doctor.
Huh?
What happened?
We have a problem, Doctor.
I am afraid the turbines
are malfunctioning again.
I thought you said you fixed
this contraption!
We did.
At least I thought we did.
Perhaps we can still repair it.
Do not bet on it.
I've had it
with this broken-down bucket.
Perhaps it's time
to retire this old heap
and introduce
my newest creation.
- Say what?
All right, I can't hold
this off any longer.
Have I got a surprise for you!
CHRIS: We were all worn out from
searching for the Chaos Emeralds
and battling Dr. Eggman.
I had a long vacation
from school coming up.
I know just what you need.
Why not take Grandpa
and your friends on a cruise?
I'm not using
the yacht right now.
You can take in some sun
and maybe get a look
at the glaciers.
CHRIS:
So that's just what we did.
Nothing but relaxation
and fun in the sun.
We'll get to the glaciers
in about four days.
SONIC:
Four days?
TAILS: You mean we're
only halfway there?
CREAM: These yachts sure do
go slow, don't they?
Give me a break, will you?
Come on, pal,
I don't take to water.
Can't you see
I'm getting seasick here?
[Laughs]
Please, I beg you!
I'm goin' crazy!
Get me off of this thing!
CHRIS:
Later that night.
Ahh.
There, I feel much better now.
Did you take those seasick pills
the doctor gave you?
I sure did, my boy.
And now that old Grandpa's
feeling better,
we're gonna have a lot more fun.
- Yeah!
- Chao!
You bet!
[Laughs]
[Snores]
Grandpa sure is
enjoying himself.
Hey, Chris, I know we're
supposed to be relaxing and all,
but what's there to do
on this ship?
There's lots of stuff.
How about taking a swim?
Tails is just being rude.
Don't pay any attention
to him, Chris.
That's right,
don't forget, Tails,
Chris' father
let us use this yacht
out of the goodness
of his heart.
We should be grateful.
Well, Tails?
[Chuckles]
Okay, I'm grateful.
Tails will be okay.
It's Sonic I'm worried about.
I think he feels trapped.
I guess I'd go crazy, too,
if I were him.
Here he comes again.
I've seen Sonic
go stir crazy before,
but I've never seen anything
as bad as this.
Okay.
It's time for a meeting.
Halt!
Let's have a little talk, Sonic.
What about?
- About you!
- About me?
And about the way you're acting.
I've never seen
such immature behavior.
We're on this ship for
10 more days and 10 more nights.
Get used to it!
Be brave.
And just remember,
bravery is not the absence
of fear, but the facing of it.
Nobody wants to see their hero
carrying on like a big crybaby.
They want him to meet
every challenge head-on.
Remember that, Sonic.
Think Amy's really
getting through to him, Chris?
Mm.
Now, go forth, hero,
and keep your head held high.
Uhh.
He collapsed!
I was too overwhelming!
We've got to do something.
I think he's sick.
Okay, I'll call Dad.
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
Well, I'm off.
It's been a real blast,
but I gotta split.
See you!
Hey!
He isn't sick.
He's a fake!
It's okay.
After all, why make him stay on
the boat if he doesn't want to?
Enjoy your vacay, kids.
Catch you on the flip side, huh?
Aah!
Wow!
What have we here?
Isn't this something?
What's going on?
Good morning.
Nice day.
Tanaka!
What are you doing here?
Who are all these people?
These people are joining us
from the Silver Star
retirement home.
It is Mr. Thorndyke's hope
that you and your friends
will learn from them.
They will be your coaches,
you see.
Coaches?
AMY: But, Mr. Tanaka,
what will they coach us on?
On how to relax.
You see, they have all
worked hard for many years,
and now the time has come
for them to relax.
They will teach you how to,
as well.
No, thanks, Mr. Tanaka.
I just want the helicopter
to take Sonic home.
He will remain here!
Even a great warrior
needs his rest.
Constant battles
not only exhaust the body,
but also the mind.
The warrior must relax
and be rejuvenated,
so that when next
he goes to battle,
he is mightier than before!
Hyah!
Hey, where are you going?
What about me?
No!
Wait!
Come back!
CHRIS: And so,
from that afternoon on,
our new friends taught us all
how to relax.
Just look at that, Tails.
Isn't it wonderful?
Sometimes life goes by so fast
that we never take the time
to appreciate the simple things.
Like a blue sky
and fluffy white clouds.
Ohh.
[Moaning]
I understand you and your
friends are from another planet.
My, it's so fascinating.
Yeah, we've only been here for
a little while, but we like it.
Everyone's been so nice to us
since we got here.
I'm glad.
How lovely.
So, you come from
another planet, do you?
Yes.
And so the lady asked Cream
the same question over and over.
Uhh!
CHRIS:
Sonic was so bored,
he tried to jump ship
all the way to shore,
but he missed.
15 times.
Not bad.
He went about five
nautical miles on that one.
Mm.
Little guy gets further
every time.
That Sonic can't relax
for one second.
Oh, what's the use?
I'll find somebody else
to play shuffleboard with.
[Chuckles]
Something tells me
you got a thing
for that little Sonic fellow.
What makes you say that, mister?
[Laughs]
I can tell
just by looking at you.
Is it that easy to see?
Why, sure.
It's obvious.
Then, again, Sonic probably has
that effect on all the girls.
What girls are you
talking about?
Hoo hoo hoo hoo!
It sure is a beauty, eh?
Those dimwits thought
they'd seen the end of me,
but I've outsmarted them.
I've got a shiny new base,
hidden where nobody can see.
You have outdone yourself,
Doctor.
Very impressive.
You can say that again.
What a shocker.
I had no idea there was
another super-secret base
hidden down here.
Of course you had no idea!
If you had,
it wouldn't have been a secret.
Heh!
It's required
of all evil geniuses to be smart
as well as sneaky.
Let's get started, Doctor.
I cannot wait to see
the look on Sonic's face
when he sees the powerful new
Decoe Bocoe XL Super Ultra.
Just a minute!
Heh?
Hold your horses,
you dome-headed donkey!
Who gave you permission
to name anything around here?
I'm the boss.
I'll do the naming!
You mean you've already
named the three components?
DR. EGGMAN:
But of course.
There's Decoe 2, Bocoe 2,
and, best of all,
the XL Super Ultra
Eggman Extreme.
- I do not like those names.
- Neither do I.
Why do our sections
get boring names,
and your section
gets a big long fancy one
with cool words
like Super Ultra Extreme?
What is the deal with that?
We should be able
to name our own sections.
Well, excuse me.
I thought I was doing you
a favor by naming them for you.
Well, maybe you should've
asked us first.
All right, all right.
Don't get snippy.
I've written some second
and third choices in here.
What about Ace Jack King?
Nope.
I don't even play cards.
Rock Paper Scissors?
You can't be serious.
Eeny Meeny Meinie?
X Y Z?
How does Egg,
Egger, and Eggiest grab you?
I think that could work.
CHRIS: As time went by,
we learned more and more
about relaxing and enjoying life
from our new friends.
Soon, everyone
was having a good time.
Everyone except Sonic, who still
hadn't gotten used to the idea.
So he started hatching
an escape plan.
And this is what happened.
Why would I be worried
about the X Tornado?
You see?
We've been on this boat
for a couple of days, right?
Uh-huh.
Well, Tails, did you ever think
that just maybe,
machines can get Ionely?
I bet the X Tornado's been awful
Ionesome since you went away.
Oh, no!
I never even thought of that.
I feel so guilty.
How could I abandon you
like that?
Poor little X Tornado.
I got him.
Do you really mean that, Sonic?
Well, sure I mean it, Amy.
I think you're just about
the cutest thing I've ever seen.
The way you swing that
little hammer of yours around,
my heart beats
a million times a minute.
I know, you could never care
for somebody like me.
I guess that's just the way
it has to be.
Perhaps I could go on,
if you would only
swing that hammer once more.
You want it, you got it!
Aah!
Amy's gone berserk!
Uh-huh.
This boat's gonna drive
everybody bananas
sooner or later.
What do you think, Grandpa?
Maybe we should ask the captain
if we can turn the ship around.
I don't know.
I have a feeling
something fishy's going on.
CREAM: Did he really,
truly say that, Amy?
AMY:
It's the truth, Cream.
He said his little heart
beat faster
every time I swung my hammer.
- He's so dreamy.
- Wow, that's so sweet.
I have a feeling one day soon,
Sonic's gonna ask me
to be his girl.
- Really?
- Chao!
CHRIS:
Sonic!
Hey!
Long time no see!
Did you miss me?
No big important message
this time.
Just dropping by to say hi.
Hey, you guys.
Where is everybody?
Hello?
Anybody?
Guess there's nobody home.
[Sobbing]
Huh?
Well, look who we have here.
Our little flying robot friend.
You've come
to start trouble today?
Well, too bad for you,
'cause nobody here now,
so you can just scram,
you hear me?
[Laughs]
What's the matter now?
[Crying]
I'm so Ionesome!
Nobody's home.
I just wanted somebody
to play with.
[Crying]
It's all right.
There, there, now,
don't cry, sweetheart.
I'm so Ionely.
Don't be Ionely.
Ella's here now.
You stay here.
I'll make you
a nice lunch, okay?
Don't you worry now.
Ella?
I'm sorry
for all those times I was bad.
- Will you forgive me?
- Of course.
- This is for you.
- For me?
[Explosion]
Aah!
[Laughing]
Hey, look, Tails.
An iceberg!
We're near the glaciers.
Put this on.
It's a bit chilly out here.
Hey, thanks, Grandpa.
Guess Amy's still pretty upset
with Sonic, huh?
Yes, well, it wasn't
very nice of him
to lie to her like that.
But Amy can't stay mad forever.
AMY:
Sonic.
Come on, you can't
stay up there all day.
Don't you want to see
all the wonderful things
I can do with this hammer?
It's pretty amazing, Sonic,
but you've gotta see
it up real close, got it?
SONIC:
No, thanks.
I'll just stay up here,
catch some rays.
- Maybe another time.
- That's it!
You come down off that pole
this instant!
CREAM: I don't like it
when Amy gets mad.
I get the feeling we ought
to stay out of this.
I agree.
Oh.
- Look at that!
- Wow!
It's a whale!
Another one!
Wow, look how big it is!
That's not a whale.
I guess not.
If not, what is it?
DR. EGGMAN: Thought
you could take a pleasure cruise
without me, eh?
Well, think again!
Aah!
Let's go get them.
We can beat that
overgrown tugboat any day.
[Chuckles]
I was wondering how long
it would take
before you bozos showed up.
You two boys
starting to rust yet?
We are incapable of corrosion.
You, on the other hand,
are a rotten little hedgehog.
Stop all this yammering at once!
You two tinheads are forgetting
who's in charge here!
I hope you've
enjoyed yourself, Sonic,
because your happy
little holiday's about to end.
SONIC: Oh, yeah, I'd say
the fun's about to start.
Don't be so sure, warthog.
MAN: Captain, we've reached
the glaciers, sir.
CAPTAIN:
Wonderful.
Let's stop here so our
passengers can get a good look.
Hey, why did he stop the ship?
What's going on here?
It's the glacier, Mr. Thorndyke.
Sure is a beauty, isn't it, sir?
We can stay here
long as you like.
- Aah!
Are you crazy?
This is no time
to look at a glacier!
Okay, if you want a fight,
you got a fight.
Bring it on, Egghead!
All in good time, my friend.
First, let's mix things up
a bit, shall we?
Perhaps you seafaring simpletons
would like to see
what my new Egg Fort 2 can do.
Get ready to be blown away.
All right, Egg Fort 2, combine.
- One...
- BOCOE: Two...
DECOE:
Three!
ALL:
Egg Fort 2 complete.
[Laughs]
Impressive, eh?
[Telephone rings]
Hello?
No, I'm not going
to change names!
[Telephone rings]
How dare you say my Egg Fort 2
isn't all that!
[Grunts]
I'm getting an unlisted number.
Come on, try and catch me!
What are you waiting for?
DR. EGGMAN:
Oh, Sonic?
Yeah, what?
You're going nowhere fast.
Huh?
Oh, no!
Aah!
Oh, watch out!
[Laughs evilly]
This much fun should be illegal.
Be careful!
Don't worry!
We'll get help!
OLD WOMAN ON LOUDSPEAKER:
Oh, poor little thing.
You're having a tough time.
I may be an old-timer,
but I just might be able
to help you out.
Now, Sonic, I want you
to breathe deeply and relax.
OLD WOMAN ON LOUDSPEAKER:
Focus on your goal.
Relax.
Stay in the moment,
and feel the ice with your feet.
Aah.
Not bad.
Now, if I can only keep
my feet from slipping,
this ought to be
a piece of cake.
Something's the matter.
Why isn't he frightened?
I don't like it.
A moment ago,
we had him on the run.
He certainly is cool
all of a sudden, isn't he?
Enough of this!
Let's put the freeze
on that hedgehog.
MAN:
Captain!
Aah!
DR. EGGMAN:
What are you doing here?
BOCOE:
He looks upset.
Please, let me in!
Why should we let you in?
- Huh?
CHRIS:
It's the X Tornado!
AMY:
But who's flying it?
I'll get you, you brat!
It's Ella!
But how?
How'd she learn to fly
the X Tornado?
Ella can do anything
she puts her mind to.
Except windows.
Aah, aah!
Help me!
DR. EGGMAN: What are you
bawling about, Bokkun?
Now we change to X Cyclone.
Transform!
You'll see who's boss now!
Cyclone kick!
Aah!
- Aah!
OLD WOMAN: So often
we rush though our lives
from day to day, not seeing
what is really important.
Just think of it.
The smell of the ocean.
The rustling of leaves.
Moments with family and friends.
Sometimes just to sit and feel
the warmth of the sun.
TAILS:
Sonic!
The X Tornado's all set to go!
You still want to go
back to town?
Ah, what's the rush?
- Come on down here.
- Huh?
I changed my mind.
I think I'll take it easy.
Just enjoy myself for a while.
I think you've made
the right decision, Sonic.
Remember,
there's always enough time
to wile away the hours
and just be happy.
Now, let's all relax
and enjoy ourselves.